docs(pie-monorepo): DSW-000 update readme with component status info (#2116)
justeattakeaway/pie: packages/components/README.md

# PIE Web Components

This readme contains some general information that is relevant for all components. For specific information about a

> component, please refer to the readme in the component's directory.

Reviewer: Were all these newlines automatically added?

Author: My IDE re-formatted the file and I didn't noticed until I opened the PR. For now I reverted it so the change is more easily visible.

| **Use in production applications is** | Not recommended. Component is still in active development and may have known issues. Is done so at application teams own risk.      | Is encouraged, but with appropriate level of caution for a beta package release. Thorough testing is recommended.        | Is encouraged and we don’t expect any obvious defects being found.  Component has already been tested in other applications and is therefore considered stable. As always, thorough testing is still recommended. | 

### What to do as a contributor
Versioning will happen automatically through our pipeline, and will use each commit description to determine the right version. Remember you can use `yarn cz` when committing any changes. You don't need to change versions manually in the `package.json`.

**When to change a status in `package.json`**

> Use `alpha` during development of the firs epic or MVP of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `alpha` during development of the first epic or MVP of the component.
```

> Once the MVP is done, the component will be released as `beta`. This is generally done by the pie team.
> 
> It will move to `stable` after it has been tested in at least 2 production environments. This is generally done by the pie team.

Reviewer: PIE, or Design System (Core)?
```suggestion
Once the MVP is done, the component will be released as `beta`. This is generally done by the PIE team.

It will move to `stable` after it has been tested in at least 2 production environments. This is generally done by the PIE team.
```

| **NPM Versioning** | Breaking changes should be expected. Component is still in active development and released as v0.x.x (indicating semver prerelease) | Breaking changes will be less likely, but could still occur due to component being integration tested with applications. | Component moves to v1.x.x NPM release. Breaking changes are communicated through version updates and any major feature changes will be tested as beta package releases.                                           | 
| **Use in production applications is** | Not recommended. Component is still in active development and may have known issues. Is done so at application teams own risk.      | Is encouraged, but with appropriate level of caution for a beta package release. Thorough testing is recommended.        | Is encouraged and we don’t expect any obvious defects being found.  Component has already been tested in other applications and is therefore considered stable. As always, thorough testing is still recommended. | 

### What to do as a contributor

> Versioning will happen automatically through our pipeline, and will use each commit description to determine the right version. Remember you can use `yarn cz` when committing any changes. You don't need to change versions manually in the `package.json`.

Reviewer 2: Not a big deal, a line break seems to be missing, just to be consistent with the other headers in this doc.

Reviewer 2: In fact it seems most of the headers don't use a following line break. Perhaps remove the extra breaks in the other ones.

When we build a component, we run a plugin for Rollup named `rollup-plugin-visualizer`. This generates a file for each component named `stats.html` in the root of the component package. This file can be viewed in the browser to visualise the bundled Javascript and better understand what contributes to the size of the final build output.

## Component Status changes

> The `package.json` file of each component is the source of truth for its status. Any change of status in package.json
> would be automatically reflected in Storybook and the Documentation site after a build step in the components package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `package.json` file of each component is the source of truth for its status. Any change of status will be automatically reflected in Storybook and the Documentation site.
```

| **Use in production applications is** | Not recommended. Component is still in active development and may have known issues. Is done so at application teams own risk.      | Is encouraged, but with appropriate level of caution for a beta package release. Thorough testing is recommended.        | Is encouraged and we don’t expect any obvious defects being found.  Component has already been tested in other applications and is therefore considered stable. As always, thorough testing is still recommended. | 

### What to do as a contributor
Versioning will happen automatically through our pipeline, and will use each commit description to determine the right version. Remember you can use `yarn cz` when committing any changes. You don't need to change versions manually in the `package.json`.

> **When to change a status in `package.json`**

Reviewer: Should this be a subheading? e.g.:
```suggestion
#### When to change a component's status
```
